Hello. Hello.
Hello.
Can I speak to your block?
Khushu, this side from the health consultant.
I know your concern.
My concern is regarding my daughter's PR file.
I want to speak to one of your manager.
Okay. May I know your heart? I mean, may I know him name so?
Who's name?
Which manager you contact for the same song?
PR department. Who is manager of the PR department?
Who is department? You just give me sir your registered number.
Your daughter file registered number sir. I'll just send in my system and update you for the same song.
What? You don't know who is the manager of the PR department?
So, Divya madam.
Can I speak to her please?
Yes definitely sir. I arranged you call for the same sir.
But I want to your register number for your file sir in our system sir.
Then after I will arrange now.
That's why sir.
No but I am calling from outside India.
You are from outside India. You just give me your daughter number sir.
number so then I can just check in my system and arrange the callback from our manager
for your concern. My daughter is three years old how she is going to speak to her. So I
just need registered number and I will arrange a call on the same number sir for your concern
from concern department manager sir. Okay write it down it says CPR. Sorry I didn't
What is your status of?
C, C, E, R, 0, 1, 0, 1, 9, 3, 9, 3,
Slash 2, 1, Slash 2, 1, hello?
Yes sir.
that is your registered mobile number or else if you have a mail ID you just give me
I just search in my system for your preference profile
okay why did you write down the mail ID please
yes tell me
so mail ID is omit a n i t
omit okay
then k
20k
I mean 2 0. No Amit. Yeah. No, no Amit. Then K. Amit. K and. So Amit K and N. K. 21 at
general.com. K, M and then after so. So no. So K and N for November then again N for
November 21 21 at gmail.com gmail.com okay just give me a moment so I'll just check it
now what is your registration number and your daughter name in a file so whenever
you are registering our consultancy sir?
Vahidehi Kanani.
Vahidehi right?
Vahidehi Kanani.
Vahidehi Kanani.
Okay.
I have some system error.
Can I just call you back in 5 minutes, 5 or 10 minutes?
Okay.
Yeah.
I'll call you back on a WhatsApp.
Is that the WhatsApp numbers or you?
No.
These are the molecular numbers.
give me your international WhatsApp number then I can arrange a call for the same so
for coordination so.
Okay, okay just write down what you want to write down or send a call.
Yes, yes you just send me high on a WhatsApp or else you can notate me no problem so.
Whatever you want to write down.
My name is Khushboo sir.
Khushboo, okay, okay I will send you right now okay.
Thank you so much for your efforts.